Mention converged agent sources API key / site from core agent config (#26783)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/agent/install_agent_with_collector.md

  datadog:
    api:
      key: ${env:DD_API_KEY}
      site: ${env:DD_SITE}
{{< /code-block >}}

> Note: If key and / or site are unset, or key is set to a secret, the missing parameters will be sourced from the core agent config. For site, core agent config defaults to `datadoghq.com` (US1). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If `key` is not specified or set to a secret, or if `site` is not specified, the system uses values from the core Agent configuration. By default, the core Agent sets site to `datadoghq.com` (US1).
```
